The data is still taking a while. It's taking too long to load for Top Sports Live now. Um, and then the, um, popular sports section, uh, it's, uh, it's, it's not what it's supposed to be either. CSS 150. And, and if we're gonna be able to select different, um... sports books, it should be a section, um, to like, uh... 'Cause this is only a few, and I, I think it's like, what, eight- 80-something bookmakers? So we gonna need a thing to... Like a dropdown or something to where it can show all those, um, and you gather the real data from there without, without any issues. Um... And if we do that, that means making sure in place that you can't... Um, that, uh, you gotta s- you're gonna have to separate it though the right way, 'cause if someone makes a bet on... Someone wants to make a bet on this sports book, then we gotta make sure we can allow them to make a bet on another sports book. It just has to be, um, in the bet slip the correct way, um, 'cause the bet slip is kind of ass. It's not, it's not, uh, the correct way it's supposed to be. Um, and make sure people can make bets, m- multiple bets. Um, if I wanna do an over and a money line, make sure I can do that. You know what I mean? And, um, and for some reason, when I click an over and under, it's selecting for all, every game, and we don't want that. And for some... And also, for some reason, the multiplier is wrong. Um, when I click, 'cause it says... Unless, unless you got it wrong, 'cause it says, like, for the Dallas Wings for Friday, July 10th at 7:30 PM, um, it says, uh, Dallas Wings is plus 260 on the money line for... I just clicked the best odds. All right? And we need that, have the best odds section and make sure the best odds pull up. And, um, but it says... It says potential payout if I put $10 in there. It says potential payout is $36. Multiplier is 3.60X. So I think something's, um, wrong on that. So make sure all that shit's right. Make sure we using some type of real open source sports book thing to where you can, um, you know how to, uh, operate it. You know what I mean? This has to be operational. You have to know how to operate this thing. Um... And the history still says pending in the background. Make sure the odds are corrected and make sure, uh, those games are updated the way it's supposed to be. Um, like we, we... This is a whole big update we need on this, on the popular sports side as well. Um, when you click buy sport and then you see popular sport, when I click football, right next to it, it says 150. It needs... And it only shows... Two. Two sports. All right? And it doesn't have the date. Make sure everywhere, on everywhere, for every sport, it has the date. Date and time. Make sure that's in there and plan it. Make sure the football, it says 1:50. It should not. It should say whatever is live right now and whatever is coming up today. So make sure all that is implanted the right way. Um, it says the Arizona Cardinals and the Carolina Panthers at 8:00 PM. But the date, make sure we got the real dates and all that from my API key. Use the API key to this full advantage. Use it to this full fucking advantage. I think it's some baseball games out there. I'm pretty sure it's some tennis and boxing and golf. Look into all the damn sports, man. You're just half-assing it. Make sure it's done the correct fucking way.